Create me a CLI tool that will take bullet points or rough notes about what I want to communicate and draft an email in my communication style. Place all the code under the directory scenarios/email_drafting. This tool should use the Claude Agent SDK for all of the necessary LLM interactions (you have an ANTHROPIC_API_KEY env var set up already).

I should be able to point to a directory of my past emails for it to use to understand my tone, formality level, and communication patterns, and then also a source document that contains my key points or rough notes for this email. The tool should support an optional recipient parameter - when provided, it should prioritize past emails to/from that specific recipient to better match how I communicate with them.

The tool should support mode flags to control email length: --mode concise (brief, essential points only), --mode standard (balanced, this is the default), and --mode detailed (comprehensive with context and background).

From there, it should have a writer that can read all of that in and draft up a first pass, trying to match my communication style, tone, level of formality, and the specified brevity mode.

Afterwards, it should pass the resulting draft and the input notes to a content-reviewer to verify that all key points from my notes are covered and nothing important was missed or misrepresented - if issues are found, give feedback and return it to the writer for improvement and back to the content-reviewer.

After this, it should pass the draft and my past emails to a tone-reviewer to verify that it has captured my communication style, formality level, and typical email patterns - same deal, if not return to writer.

Then, it should pass the draft to a brevity-reviewer to verify the email length is appropriate for the selected mode and that it's not unnecessarily verbose - if issues are found, give feedback and return to writer.

Once it all passes, write the final version out for me to review. Give me the opportunity to mark up the email with [bracket-enclosed-comments] and then pass it back to the tool to incorporate my feedback as the final reviewer - start back with the writer and then review again with the other reviewers, including passing my feedback along with the other context they previously had.

Finally, create a README.md under scenarios/email_drafting/ that gives examples of each of the commands that can be used to run the tool.